ci: add rbd-mirror integration test (#7623)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-advanced-configuration.md

kubectl apply -f common.yaml -f operator.yaml -f cluster.yaml # add other files as desired for yourconfig
```

## Deploying a second cluster

If you wish to create a new CephCluster in a different namespace than `rook-ceph` while using a single operator to manage both clusters execute the following:

```sh
cd cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph

NAMESPACE=rook-ceph-secondary envsubst < common-second-cluster.yaml | kubectl create -f -
```

> This will create all the necessary RBACs as well as the new namespace. The script assumes that `common.yaml` already ran.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create all the necessary RBACs as well as the new namespace. The script assumes that `common.yaml` was already created.
```

> Eventually, make sure your new CephCluster namespace points to the `NAMESPACE` provided in the earlier command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create the second CephCluster CR, use the same `NAMESPACE` and the operator will configure the second cluster.
```
